1. exposure to 對...的暴露
Prolonged exposure to sunlight can cause skin cancer.

2. in combination with 和...一起
Vitamin supplements used in combination with other prevantative measures.

3. deprived of 從……奪走
These misfortunes almost deprived him of his reason.

4. susceptible 易受感染的
A weakend immune system makes ine susceptible to colds.

5. damage to 損害
The thunderstorm caused extensive damage to the region.

6. solution to 解決辦法
Solar power is one solution to energy problems.

7. be ideal for 很適合...
The weather this week has been ideal for a camping trip.

8. drape A with B 用 B 裝飾 A
The decorator draped the living room windows with a slik curtain.

9. restore A to B 把A修復成B
The historic sites were restored to their original apperance.

10. adjacent to 鄰接...的
The stroage room is adjacent to the administrative office.

11. consist of 由...構成 
The center consists of two conference rooms.

12. in the foreseeable future 在可預見的未來
Oil companies have no expansion plans in the foreseeable.

13. for one's continued support 對於某人持續的支持

14. consent of ...的同意
A sale of the business will require the consent of shareholders.

15. account for 解釋 take...into account 考慮到
Ｔhe teller could not account for the error.

16. be expect to do 被預期
Interest rate are expected to increase by 2 percent.

17. convert A into B 把A轉換成B
Saving accounts can be converted into mutual funds at no charge.

18. heavily rely on 非常依賴
The institution heavily relies on capital gained from lending.

19. investigation into 調查
The goverment's investigation into Harp Financial revealed no sign of illegal acivity.

20. conclude with 以……結束
The meeting should be concluded with a promise not to reveal what was debated here.

21. opportunity to do 做...的機會
The bus tour provides visitors an opportunity to explore the city in one day.

22. a feasible alternative to 取代...的可行方案
Due to a flight cancellation, Samuel had to fly on an alternative air carrier.

23. equip A with B 使 A 配備 B
Newer cars come equipped with emergency kits.

24. transfer 轉移
The technology department will transfer the old files to the new server.

25. dedication to 奉獻
Ms. Hayes was recongnized for her dedication to the company.

26. enroll in 報名
Employees must enroll in at least one program.

27. encourage to 鼓勵
The CEO encouraged managers to allow flextime for workers.

28. scheduled for 預定
Orientation is scheduled for the morning.

29. register for 登記參加
Employees must register for unemployment insurance with the state government.

30. require to 要求
Staff are require to attend the insurance provider's presentation on benefits.

31. show little regard for 對...不關心
The company showed little regard for employee welfare.

32. in honor of 為了祝賀
A banquet was held in honor of our director's retirement.

